I think Bitcoin and the asset class will
spend more of its time this year
below that fair value logarithm
regression trend line.
Try to find support at it, you know, in
the coming months, and then hopefully
trend back up in a 2027-2028.
The total market cap of crypto now is
about 2.125
trillion. So, it's well off the highs uh
from 2025.
And it's actually, you know, slightly
below where it was in 2021. So, when you
think about the entire 2023 to 2025
move,
it's justifiably what we saw in 2019.
Bitcoin dominance went up.
Three rate cuts occurred. QT ended. No
rotation into altcoins. So, that's where
I think we are.
I do think that the rest of this year
will likely be somewhat sluggish, you
know, probably form a low a little bit
later in the year after a kind of turn
around in the summer.